index.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

permalink: /
title: Home
layout: home
---

Hi there! Here's the lazy grad student's template for workshop webpages. I put this together to help automate mundane tasks with conventional workshop webpages - curating lists of speakers and/or organizers, schedules, and submitted/accepted papers. Here's a completely unrelated picture adapted from "Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence" by `mikemacmarketing`; licensed under CC BY 2.0:

![](assets/img/banner.jpg)

The theme is quite easy to use if you're familiar with Jekyll. The following collections are implemented:
1. **Speakers**: Curate a [speaker list like this one](speakers) from a set of markdown files, one per speaker. Crops and displays images if available. Adds a short bio. See files in the `_speakers` directory for examples.
2. **Organizers**: Curate an organizer list from a set of markdown files, one per organizer. See files in the `_organizers` directory for examples.
3. **Schedule**: Curate a [schedule like this](schedule) from a set of markdown files, one per event (talk, panel, break, etc.). See files in the `_schedule` directory for examples. Schedule items are sorted by a `sequence_id` attribute.
4. **Papers**: Curate a [list of papers like this](papers) from a bunch of markdown files, one per paper. See files in the `_papers` directory for examples. Papers are sorted by a `sequence_id` attribute if specifed (else they are listed alphabetically).

> **NOTE:** The best way to use these is to turn feature on or off by editing the `collections` attribute in `_config.yml`.

If you experience issues or have cool features to add, feel free to [fork this template]().

Commit message:

cleaned and added workshop overview

index.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

permalink: /
title: Workshop Overview
layout: home
---

GenPRL workshop unites two long-running workshop series of \emph{GenPlan} and \emph{PRL}.
The objective of this workshop is to bridge the gap between two highly active but largely parallel research communities - reinforcement learning (RL) and AI planning - to address the problem of generalizable and transferable learning for sequential decision-making problems. 


<!-- Hi there! Here's the lazy grad student's template for workshop webpages. I put this together to help automate mundane tasks with conventional workshop webpages - curating lists of speakers and/or organizers, schedules, and submitted/accepted papers. Here's a completely unrelated picture adapted from "Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence" by `mikemacmarketing`; licensed under CC BY 2.0: -->

<!-- ![](assets/img/banner.jpg) -->

Humans are good at solving sequential decision-making (SDM) problems, generalizing from a few examples, and learning skills that can be transferred to solve unseen problems. However, SDM remains long-standing open problem in AI, where the 
AI Planning and RL communities, while focusing on similar problems, do not consistently leverage each other's techniques, methodologies, or evaluations.

On one hand, recent advances in deep RL have led to data-driven methods that provide strong short-horizon reasoning and planning, with open problems in sample efficiency, generalizability, and transferability. On the other hand, advances and open questions in AI planning have been complementary, featuring robust analytical methods that provide sample-efficient generalizability and transferability for long-horizon SDM problems, with open problems in short-horizon control and in the design and modeling of representations.

By bringing together the collective expertise and diverse perspectives from these communities, this workshop aims to generate the best ideas that integrate principles from planning and reinforcement learning (a) to learn generalizable representations of acquired knowledge, and (b) to effectively use them for knowledge transfer across problems. Unlocking these insights is crucial for developing adaptable and robust AI systems capable of solving complex SDM problems.

Workshop related queries can be addressed to the Organizing Committee at: genprl2024\at\gmail.com.


<!-- The theme is quite easy to use if you're familiar with Jekyll. The following collections are implemented: -->
<!-- 1. **Speakers**: Curate a [speaker list like this one](speakers) from a set of markdown files, one per speaker. Crops and displays images if available. Adds a short bio. See files in the `_speakers` directory for examples.
2. **Organizers**: Curate an organizer list from a set of markdown files, one per organizer. See files in the `_organizers` directory for examples.
3. **Schedule**: Curate a [schedule like this](schedule) from a set of markdown files, one per event (talk, panel, break, etc.). See files in the `_schedule` directory for examples. Schedule items are sorted by a `sequence_id` attribute.
4. **Papers**: Curate a [list of papers like this](papers) from a bunch of markdown files, one per paper. See files in the `_papers` directory for examples. Papers are sorted by a `sequence_id` attribute if specifed (else they are listed alphabetically). -->

<!-- > **NOTE:** The best way to use these is to turn feature on or off by editing the `collections` attribute in `_config.yml`. -->

<!-- If you experience issues or have cool features to add, feel free to [fork this template](). -->
